[Scene 1] The man is holding a phone in front of him and looking at it with a smile on his face.
[Scene 2] A man sitting at a desk with a cell phone in his hand.
[Scene 3] The man is holding a smartphone with two screens in his hand.
[Scene 4] The person is reviewing a phone device called the axon m, which is a very interesting device and he is working with the company zte to give one of these devices away to a lucky person.
[Scene 5] A person holding up a cell phone with a picture on it.
[Scene 6] A man sitting at a desk holding up a cell phone.
[Scene 7] A cell phone sitting on top of a table.
[Scene 8] A close up of the side of a cell phone.
[Scene 9] A man holding up two cell phones with a picture of a person on one side and a picture of a camera on the other side.
[Scene 10] A young man in a white t-shirt is sitting at a desk in front of a computer and holding a tablet.
[Scene 11] A person pointing out a foldable phone on a table.
[Scene 12] A young man is sitting at a desk and looking at his phone with a 20-megapixel camera.
[Scene 13] A man holding up a cell phone with a picture of a man on it.
[Scene 14] The device is made of metal with a folding mechanism.
[Scene 15] A young man in a blue shirt is sitting at a table and holding a smartphone in his hand.
[Scene 16] A close up of a foldable cell phone side by side.
[Scene 17] A young man is sitting at a desk with a cell phone in his hand.
[Scene 18] A close up of two smartphones on a table.
[Scene 19] A young man is sitting at a desk in an office and talking to the camera, while using a smartphone.
[Scene 20] The person is setting up a smartphone with a dedicated soft key for switching between menu systems.
[Scene 21] A man sitting at a table with a tablet in front of him.
[Scene 22] A person holding a foldable cell phone in their hands.
[Scene 23] A young man is sitting at a desk and looking at his phone which has two different applications that work in portrait and landscape mode.
[Scene 24] A person holding up a cell phone in front of a tv.
[Scene 25] A young man with a white shirt is sitting at a desk in an office.
[Scene 26] The person is holding a full-screen mode for a smartphone.
[Scene 27] A person holding a cell phone in front of a monitor.
[Scene 28] A person is holding a cell phone with a large screen in their hand.
[Scene 29] A man sitting at a desk holding up a device.
[Scene 30] A person holding a cell phone in front of a monitor.
[Scene 31] A person is holding a small device on a table.
[Scene 32] A young man wearing a white shirt is sitting at a desk and holding a cell phone, looking at it.
[Scene 33] A man sitting at a table with a cell phone in front of him.
[Scene 34] A cell phone sitting on a table in front of a person.
[Scene 35] A person holding up two cell phones in front of a wall of televisions.
[Scene 36] The user is holding a smartphone with a tv mode and navigating through different apps on the screen.
[Scene 37] A man sitting at a desk with a tablet in his hand.
[Scene 38] A person holding two cell phones in front of a tv.
[Scene 39] A man sitting at a table holding up a cell phone.
[Scene 40] A person holding a smart phone in their hands.
[Scene 41] A close up of a cell phone on a table.
[Scene 42] A man is sitting at a desk in his office with a smartphone in his hand.
[Scene 43] A close up of a cell phone with a blurry background.
[Scene 44] A person holding up a cell phone to take a picture.
[Scene 45] A young man is sitting at a desk in an office and taking a video on his smartphone.
[Scene 46] A person holding a cell phone with an image on it.
[Scene 47] A young man is taking 20 megapixel photos with a camera while sitting at a desk in front of a computer.
[Scene 48] A man sitting at a desk with a cell phone in his hand.
[Scene 49] The man is using a smartphone with a curved screen and holding it up to take a picture.
[Scene 50] A young man is sitting at a desk in an office and holding a phone in his hand.
[Scene 51] A close up of two cell phones side by side.
[Scene 52] A young man is sitting in front of a white desk and holding a smartphone in his hand.
[Scene 53] A man is holding a smartphone and showing the screen of an app.
[Scene 54] A person is holding a smartphone and talking to the camera while sitting in front of a desk.
[Scene 55] There is a fingerprint sensor on the left-hand side of a device.
[Scene 56] A person is sitting at a desk in an office and holding a smartphone.
[Scene 57] A young man with brown hair is sitting at a desk with a black smartphone on it.
[Scene 58] A close up of a cell phone charger.
[Scene 59] A young asian man is sitting at a desk in an office, holding his smartphone in his hand.